I am here to speak to you about how to make America safe. The vast majority of Americans today do not feel safe. They fear for their children and they fear for themselves. They fear for our police officers who are being targeted. We pray for our police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge and their families; And we say thank you to the Cleveland Police Department for protecting us and all police officers protecting all of us. We also reach out with understanding and compassion to those who have lost loved ones because of police shootings unjustified and justified. It's time to make America safe again. It's time to make America one again. I know it can be done because I did it by changing New York City from "the crime capital of America" to according to the FBI the safest large city in America. What I did for New York City, Donald Trump will do for America. I have known Donald Trump for almost 30 years. And he has created and accomplished great things. But beyond that this is a man with a big heart. Every time New York City suffered a tragedy, Donald Trump was there to help. And he did it anonymously. (I bet that's a surprise) You deserve to know this personal side about our next President. He has been a great father, father-in-law, grandfather and friend to me and my family. He will keep us safe and help us achieve and embrace our greatness. In the last seven months, there have been five major Islamic extremist terrorists attacks on us and our allies. We must not be afraid to define our enemy. It is Islamic extremist terrorism. I did not say all of Islam. I said Islamic extremist terrorism. Failing to identify them properly maligns decent Muslims around the world. It also sets up a fear of being politically incorrect that can have serious consequences. And it has. This is why our enemies see us as weak and vulnerable. Donald Trump has said the first step in defeating our enemies is to identify them properly and see the connections between them. To defeat Islamic extremist terrorism we must put them on defense. If they are at war against us-which they have declared-we must commit ourselves to unconditional victory against them. This includes undoing one of the worst deals America ever made - Obama's Nuclear Agreement with Iran that will eventually let them become a nuclear power and put billions of dollars back into a country that the world's biggest state sponsor of terrorism. Donald Trump will make sure that any agreement with Iran meets the original goals of the U.N and our allies: a non-nuclear Iran. Donald Trump is a leader. He will reassert America's position as the nation with the best values to lead the world. It was Hillary Clinton who advocated for the overthrow of Qaddafi in Libya. Now Libya is in chaos. Hillary Clinton is accountable for this and much more. Her dereliction of duty and failure to keep her people safe played a major role in the horrific Islamic terrorist murders on September 11-12, 2012 in Benghazi which claimed the lives of four brave Americans; our Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, U.S. Foreign Service Officer Sean Smith, and CIA agents Tyrone S. Woods, and Glen Doherty. And Clinton, and the Obama administration, for political reasons lied about the purpose of the attacks including her lying directly to the families of those who were killed. Hillary Clinton's answer to Congress about the death of these four brave Americans because of her failures as Secretary of State was "what difference at this point does it make?" Watch the video for yourself and see the arrogant disregard for American lives lost unnecessarily. Make up your own mind. Anyone who can say that it makes no difference how or why people serving America are killed, should not be entrusted with the awesome responsibility to protect them and us and should not be allowed to be our Commander in Chief. Who would trust her to protect them? I do not. Do you? Donald Trump will change all of that. In short he will lead by leading, not by following. You know Donald Trump will secure our borders. His opponent has had her chance to do this and failed. Hillary Clinton is for open borders. She is in favor of taking in Syrian refugees even though the Islamic state has told us they are going to put their operatives in these groups so they can carry out terrorist acts against us and our allies. We can't afford to repeat the mistakes of the past. Hillary CIinton's experience is the basis for her campaign. Well, Hillary Clinton's experience is exactly the reason she should not be our president. There is no more time for us left to revive our great country. No more time to repeat our mistakes of the past. Washington needs a complete turnaround and Donald Trump is the agent of change and he will be the leader of the change we need. He will make America, like the president I worked for Ronald Reagan, once again be the shining City on the Hill. Vote for Donald Trump for a safer America and for an America headed in a different direction: Greatness! God Bless the United States of America.
